Blogpost for sprint 201 (#526)
openSUSE/obs-landing: _posts/development/2025-10-23-foster-collaboration.md

---
layout: post
title:  Strengthen Package Version Information
category: development
---

> Over the last few days, we’ve been focused on making the package version information more robust and reliable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Over the last few days, we’ve been focused on making the package version information more explicit.
```
